>> Brian Holt: Something I want you to do
now, not all of your colleagues are gonna
bite off right away on installing
Prettier into their editor.
Some people get freaked out when
stuff starts moving around.
So you can be a good person and
come into scripts and
give them the ability to run
it from the command line.
It's kind of, again, a good rule of thumb
is anything you expect people to do,
you should write it
into your scripts here.
So what we're gonna do now
is we're gonna do format,
>> Brian Holt: And it's gonna be prettier.
>> Brian Holt: And
we want prettier to run every js file and
css file, cuz it also does css.
It does json, it does html, less, sass,
it does a lot of different kinds of files.
>> Brian Holt: So we want it to run on,
>> Brian Holt: So
you have to surround
these in slash quotes.
These are escaping the quotes, right?
Because it's already inside of
double quotes cuz it's JSON.
And we want it to run on every source file
inside of,
>> Brian Holt: I think this is right.
>> Brian Holt: And then we want it
to run on every file that is .js or
jsx or css or html or json,
cuz we have all of those.
>> Brian Holt: And
you also want it to write.
>> Brian Holt: So let me just make sure
that actually works before I explain it.
So if I say, save, npm run format.
>> Brian Holt: It doesn't work on HTML,
okay, not out of the box.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, cool.
>> Brian Holt: So
talk about this for just a second.
format, so now if I give this
to my colleague that's old
school VI user that refuses
to install any extension,
we all know the type, [LAUGH] right?
You can say, okay, you don't have
to install it into your editor or
anything like that.
Anytime before you commit,
just run, npm run format.
And it'll format all of
your code the correct way.
So now kf I come over here to my project
and I say, npm run, whatever is here,
so npm run format, it's gonna run
this bash command for them, right?
So, npm run format, it's gonna go
run on App.js and style.css, and
it's gonna format those things
correctly for me, right?
Now, I will never run this code because
it's already installed in my editor,
right?
I don't need to, but someone else might.
What's also useful about this is now I can
run this in CI, my continuous integration,
and if someone tries to check in code
that has not been formatted by Prettier,
you can just say, hey,
Prettier, throw an error.
Which I think if you wanted to do that,
the way that would look would be
format:check, and
it would be --check-different, I think.
>> Brian Holt: Let's try it,
let me just make sure that, prettier.
>> Brian Holt: There is
a lot of configuration here.
--list-different, that's what it is.
Okay, so now what you can do,
npm run format:check.
You would run this on TravisCI, or
CircleCI or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: And
right now, it's gonna pass,
nothing gets outputted,
there's no errors or anything like that.
>> Brian Holt: So that means that this
will pass CI, but if something was not
checked in with prettier run,
let's just try that for just a second.
Can I turn off prettier?
>> Brian Holt: All right, so,
>> Brian Holt: Just to show you what it
looks like when it fails, false, save.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so now if I do,
npm run format:check, it's gonna say,
hey, App.js wasn't formatted with
the prettier, I'm gonna throw an error.
And then this would be caught by your CI.
And your CI would say,
you can't check that in.
>> Brian Holt: true.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, any questions
about prettier before we move on?
>> Brian Holt: This is my favorite tool.
I've been coding with it for
like two years now and
I can't code without it.
>> Brian Holt: So there's not really
an alternative right now to prettier,
which is okay, it's doing great.
During the course of this entire course,
I will try and
point out if there's alternative
technologies that you can use,
because I'm gonna give you
an opinionated stack, right?
I'm gonna give you the things that I like
to use that I think it's a good idea for
you to use.
But I hopefully will also show you
how to plug in different things if
you have different opinions than I do, so
that you can kind of construct
your perfect frontend stack.